classicalGuy "Florida here we come to see the wild iguanas!"
janeIzC00l "My green iguana loves the humidity in the windy city!"
pet_lover101 "Iguanas are the best! I wish I had a house full of reptiles."
always_an_adventure "I can't believe you didn't help me clean the terrarium."
thestarsareouttonight "Congratulations on your new baby hatchling!"
painted_mountain "Trouble in paradise, my lizard is shedding everywhere."
dannydandan "Look at how cute he is! #bestiguanamamma!"
mannytheman "I have so many things to say about UVB lighting. Where to start?"
billymait "At any given moment an iguana needs its calcium powder."
willfred "There is no fear of saying that the desert and the jungle cages are different."
bobbybobob "I did it! I grew the biggest hibiscus flower for my lizard to eat!"
gil_marti "This is music to my ears. Stop scratching at the glass to the beat."
joeyespin "I cant wait for the expo. Reptiles and amphibians here I come!"
curiouscat "What came first, the iguana or the egg?"
jlubbock "What we see depends mainly on which heat lamp we look for."
wisdon "To understand cold-blooded behavior takes time."
thisiszen "The misting system is the fog one has to see through."
happyperson "There's no greater love than the love of a scaly friend."
peaceforall "Herbivorous lizards make me happy."
dandi_lion "I want a giant lizard for christmas."
martagon "Dandelion greens are beautiful and delicious for my pet."
ocelot "My iguana is so mean, she whipped me with her tail."
puma "I went running today and saw two cute wild iggy lizards."
colocolo "I got my son a baby reptile for christmas. We named him Godzilla."
margay "I can't help but love these little dinosaurs."
serual "Their scales are so colorful."
wwolfie "He's so big he could be a prehistoric monster."
callitwhatitis "She went crazy and ate all the kale in the house!"
annamarie "Clearly this lizard doesn't like hotel rooms."
iamenglish "Check out the basking spot I'm building next week!"
bewise "The hatchlings and the adults are at it again."
highwater "The humidity in this tank seems to be too high."
the_toaster "I'm sorry for burning your mustard greens."
afridge "It's too cold in here for a reptile."
ovenoven "The basking rock is nice and hot in here."
choco "Who is up for some delicious crunchy crickets?"
straydog "I miss my little scaly pup."
disbelief "I can't believe my best friend is a cold-blooded lizard."
moneymoney "If I could buy anything in the world it would be a custom enclosure."
